---
title: Last
layout: post
---

It's a perfect day to die.    
It's in the air.    
The breeze is just right to carry    
Death's whisper to me.    

The clouds are low  
To comfort me.  
It seems a very fitting day  
To be my last.  

The rain will come  
And gently moisten my skin  
As it becomes cold.  
And the window wipers will play  
Their little "catch me" game  
As loneliness puts his arm around me  
And Death leads me away.  

But wait!  
Hope is a ray of sun  
bursting forth through the clouds.  
She frolics on the sidewalk  
As she calls to her friends.  

Death tries to ignore her,  
But her pixyish laugh mocks him.  
She goads him.  
She dances towards me,  
And leads me away from him.  
And he is vexed.  
Hope enjoys hide and seek,  
but tires from not being found,  
So she often gives up on her hiding place when we play.  

Here again she has tagged me.  
I smile despite my previous gloom.  
"Your soul mate is waiting," she says.  
"He's down the path twenty years.  
There's plenty to do until then."
Hope is an odd spirit.  
Sometimes a tease.  
Sometimes a comfort.  
But she beckons for another day.  
And another.  
And another.  
And I am compelled  
To follow her down the path she directs  
Though it looks a maze from this angle.  

So I bid Death farewell,  
For now.  
We shall meet later.  
He is a patient companion.  
Loneliness, however, would like to travel with me  
He is not as easily dissuaded  
So I bear his company  
but beg him to take his leave on occasion.  
Hope convinces him to do the same  

So this is a perfect day for gratitude.  
The breeze has warmed.  
The clouds dispersed.  
My soul seeks its mate  
Knowing the price is patience.  
With Hope and Loneliness, I travel on  
Humbled, but knowing love lies ahead.  
